Glossary with Bold Definitions and Linkable Words (#205)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/rns/libs/javascript/Errors.md

tags: rns, javascript, error
---

## Handle errors with RNS library

> RNS Library extend [`Error` class](https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/JavaScript/Referencia/Objetos_globales/Error) with two extra properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RNS Library extends the [`Error` class](https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/JavaScript/Referencia/Objetos_globales/Error) with two extra properties:
```

- `id` - The knowladge base id

> - `ref` - A link to this page, scrolling to the error title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `id` - The knowledge base ID
- `ref` - A link to the specific error within this page
```

**Message**: The given address checksum is invalid

> **Description**: The given address checksum is invalid for the current networkId. Check out [here](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1191) how checksum validation is performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description**: The given address checksum is invalid for the current networkId. Check out [EIP-1191](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1191) for information about how checksum validation is performed.
```
